Subscription Docs (#1)
arconnectio/docs: api/subscriptions.md

---
description: ArConnect Injected API subscription() function
---

# Subscriptions

> Subscriptions is a feature that allows users to subscribe to applications and be charged on a periodic basis such as monthly, weekly, or yearly. Users will be charged the moment they subscribe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscriptions is a feature that allows users to subscribe to applications and authorize periodic payments from their wallets. Users can choose from various payment intervals, such as monthly, weekly, or yearly. The first payment is charged immediately upon subscribing.```
